https://codepen.io/Marcdiallo777/pen/LYbRxEx?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    
    Semantic HTML is the use of semantic tags to be more descriptive in the layout of our websit such as header, section,nav etc.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    
    HTML is used for structuring your site
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    
    it provides additional information about an element. you put it after an element like img or a
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    
    h1 is used for titles, there can only be one on each page
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    
    img and A
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    
    header and our h1 tag 
    
    7. What is an id? 
    
    an id is an attribute that we can use to refer to something in css
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    
    semantic ones like div 
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    
    only once
    
    10. What is a class? 
    
    also an sttribute that we refer to in css
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    
    div elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    
    any amount
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    
    target = _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    
    the alt tab is used as a descriptor in case the image doesnt load or a person cant see it
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    
    #id
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    
    section is semantic and calls to a specific section or chapter wheres div holds no semantic value
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    
    css is used to style our HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    
    h2 {

    }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    
    a class is for general use you can use it anywhere, an id is very specific as you can and should only use it once per page
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    
    .class {

    }
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    
    .human {

    }
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    
    nav a {

    }
    Parent child selector is when use use the selector to select a tag thats inside another one, its useful if you want to reach something thats inside a nav or section
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    
    div .sidebar{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    
    its something like :hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    
    letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    
    text-transform: lowercase, uppercase, Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    
    * {

    }
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    
    //

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    
    you can use "ls"

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    
    mkdir
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    
    you have to becareful because theres no warning prompt 
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    
    so everyone can be making changes can be working on the same version

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    
    every 20 minutes or whenever you get a feature working- whichever comes first

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
    git commit -m
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    git clone
    git checkout -b
    code .
    git commit -m "message"
    git push - u origin 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 